The bank you are working for has a complex system of interconnecting components to manage deposits, transfers, loans etc. A new standalone application is required to check for a particular vulnerability in the bank's ATM machines. It is estimated that the application will only be used for two months at most.

This was partly a trick question, though the bank's system is complex and needs to be built for long term use the new standalone application will only be short lived and so we shouldn't utilise architectures that are more costly in the short term. Therefore,  we can go for Multi Tiered architecture which is a solid general purpose architecture that does not come with the higher cost of some of the other architectures.

A finance company would like you to design an enterprise system from scratch, covering their online trading platform for customers, a client management system and integrations to stock exchanges to buy and sell shares as requested by customers and the in house trading team. The system domain is quite complex, and will be used for the company's future. It will be required to handle the business' current client base which is already quite large and future growth.

Since the system domain is complex and this is a long term project, we can consider using domain driven design as the project's longevity justifies the added investment required upfront. For the client management system and online trading platform we can also use a model-view-controller architecture, with the controller then calling functionality from the back-end that will be designed as a service-oriented , or micro-service architecture. I would prefer micro-services as their finer level of granularity generally allow for better scalability and separation of concerns.

An e-commerce company with an established client base are looking to improve their user analytics and business intelligence capabilities by adding a user tracking component that will record the users' interactions with the page. This data will be processed by other components which will then identify potential areas of the site which should be improved. Since this is a new area for the company, it's possible that new recommendation components could be added or removed in the future depending on the reliability of the results they obtain.

An event driven architecture will definitely be suitable for this, as the user tracking component can gather and publish data to consumers which are decoupled from it and consumers (eg. new recommendation components) can be added without affecting the tracking component or any of the other consumers.

